Tutorial documentation (Spaceflights) improvements (#1967)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/package_a_project.md

> # Package a Kedro project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Package an entire Kedro project
```

Emphasise the difference between micropackaging

> This section explains how to build your project documentation, and how to bundle your entire project into a Python package. If you want to include just a part of your project, you should instead take a look at the [documentation section on micro-packaging](../nodes_and_pipelines/micro_packaging.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to build your project documentation, and how to bundle your entire project into a Python package. 

Kedro also has an advanced feature which supports packaging on a pipeline level allowing you share and reuse pipelines across projects! To read more about this please look at the [section on micro-packaging](../nodes_and_pipelines/micro_packaging.md).
```

## Add documentation to your project

Kedro uses the [Sphinx framework](https://www.sphinx-doc.org) and creates a `docs` directory that builds a basic template for project-specific documentation. We recommend that you add your project-specific documentation as markdown in `docs/source`

If you want to customise your documentation beyond the basic template, refer to the [Sphinx documentation](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html) for details of how to extend `docs/source/conf.py`.

Once you have added any documentation you need, run the following from the project root directory:

```bash
kedro build-docs --open
```

The HTML documention is built to `docs/build/html` and opens automatically in a browser tab.

```{note}
The `build-docs` command creates documentation based on the code structure of your project. Documentation includes any [`docstrings`](https://datacamp.com/community/tutorials/docstrings-python) defined in your code.
```

## Package your project

To package your project, run the following in your project root directory:

```bash
kedro package
```

> Kedro builds the package into the `dist` folder of your project, and creates one `.egg` file and one `.whl` file, which are [Python packaging formats for binary distribution](https://packaging.python.org/).

Reviewer: I think we need an admonition that highlights the difference between this and pipeline micropacking as well as a link to that documentation in case they're looking for that.

This is equivalent to running `kedro run`, and you can provide all the parameters described by `kedro run --help`.

### Docker, Airflow and other deployment targets

> 

Reviewer: We should push the open source community here e.g. kedro-vertexai or kedro-argo etc.
